remove insertion of vlen-string codec for v2 metadata creation (#3100)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: changes/3100.bugfix.rst

> Zarr V2: allow fixed-length string arrays to be created without automatically inserting a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Zarr format 2, allow fixed-length string arrays to be created without automatically inserting a
```

``Vlen-UT8`` codec in the array of filters. Fixed-length string arrays do not need this codec. This

> change fixes regressions against Zarr Python 2.18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change fixes a regression where fixed-length string arrays created with Zarr Python 3 could not be read with Zarr Python 2.18.
```
